My color for my website colors will be Red, Silver, and Black. These colors catches attention and represents a lot of things such as.. energy, excitement, passion, desire, strength, power, determination, intense, and simplicity.Background will be light Silver while border areas will be Black, and text will be red.These are my 3 primary color choices.


ABOUT ME(HOME PAGE)

Looking for something?
	This guy here is Jose Rosillo, an ambicious team oriented go getter that will ask whats next? after destroying your needs and wants in any industry. Being a go-getter from birth he finds the answers to the work that keeps you up at night and the questions as to why and how do things go a certain way. Having worked in the culinary industry and healthcare for over a decade combined, Jose achieved a level of service that will make people, patients, and customers come back and eager to work with the best. Team work runs through Jose's veins, he likes to create and promote a team oriented environment, exceeding expectations,always going above and beyond job duties,and treating every single person (animals and plants too) with dignity and utmost respect.
	A new beginning is exciting and can be tough at times yet achievable, Jose wants to transition into the tech industry (a foot in the door) and shot at what could be an addictive career. What exactly is never simplified in life, just like his career growth, any chance to incorporate set skills into his future will benefit everyone in the long run. Coding is a start in the right direction to open many opportunities and is always fun to keep learning and solving problems that many dont know or understand. He will bring the elements of what makes a great team achieve nothing but success for your future and company with accuracy, respect and commitment to excellence.

3 EXAMPLE PORTFOLIOS

1. www.stevenmengin.com
	LIKE
I like the colors(very dark) and interactive when you scroll down from the main page. Scrolling down the page shows work as well as "numbered" map in the corner ex: 1/7 or 4/7. Each page/tab shows another example of the exapmle when you click.
	Dislike
It could use more "cloud" image looking throughout the background like the homepage. In the about me section it is short and sweet which is good but in this case just feels flat, like its missing something.

2. kyledecker.me
	LIKE
I like the simple design with no added fancy colors as well as the inspirational quotes. The work section, the writing is very detailed and just right. The best feature hands down is the first thing you notice in the home page, the interactive piano, it shows a dice (you can select) that will play many sounds when you click on the keys ex: piano sounds/flute/banjo/supermario/ and bathroom sounds.
	DISLIKE	
The work page is too long as there is too much writing. Other than the piano in the homepage the rest of the portfoliio does not have that captivating "look at me" attention.

3. Pascalvangemert.nl
	LIKE
I like the light colors that are not too strong and just overall light an chill. The side bar simplifies sections of interest and every section has a calm color to differentiate.
	DISLIKE
It could have added a picture of sort at the end in the contact section(maybe referencing the first image which was a superhero). The abilities section has a star chart that shows the level of experience/skill wich is cool and ok but very risky, especially with one star skills.




Change.jpg-Photo by Alexas Fotos from Pexels  
Bay Bridge.jpg-Photo by Quintin Gellar from Pexels
Red lights.jpg-Photo by Pixabay from Pexels




CONTACT
Jmrosillo17@gmail.com
650-679-5709
Github= Jrosillo650